The Input Parameters Module does not exist in its own file in this 
implementation because Matlab does not require structures to be defined before 
being used.

The Temperature ODEs Module's access programs in this implementation take T as 
an input, which holds all of the Tw, Tp, and Qp inputs shown in the MIS.

The Temperature ODEs Module event1 and event2 access programs in this 
implementation return the real value solution to the function at each time 
point rather than the function itself. They also return two other constants, 
isterminal and direction, required by the ODE solver. This is all required by 
the event support for the ODE solver.

The abstract functions described in the MIS are realized by the temperature1, 
temperature2, temperature3, event1, and event2 functions. The actual 
variable names in this implementation for each function appear in parentheses 
in the following description. Each function takes the real values of time (t), 
water temperature, PCM temperature, and latent Heat (all stored in T) and 
generates a real value output (stored in dTdt array).

The ODE Solver Module access program "solve" described in the MIS is a 
combination of the following calls in this implementation:
- options = odeset('Events', @(t,T)event1(t,T,params), 'AbsTol', params.AbsTol, 'RelTol', params.RelTol);
- [t1,T1] = ode45(@(t,T)temperature1(t,T,params), [0 params.tfinal], [params.Tinit; params.Tinit], options);

Note: These are for the ODE solver for the first phase of the simulation. If 
the second or third phase occurs, they are called by the same commands with the 
appropriate changes to the arguments.

The ODE Solver Module in this implementation has different exceptions for each 
of the different input parameters, rather than one exception for all of them as 
shown in the MIS.

The Output Verification Module, Plotting Module, and Output Format Module in 
this implementation all take T as an input, which holds the Tw and Tp arguments 
shown in the MIS.

The Plotting Module in this implementation does not take the filename as an 
input argument because the filename is set to NewTemp every time.

The Output Format Module does not use the max_width local constant in this 
implementation.